README.md, before:

# Become a Software Professional

***THIS IS AN EDUCATION PROJECT***

This project is about *Trackgenix*

Trackgenix is an web application for the company GigaTech. This app speeds up the record of the hours worked for each employee of the company, the project that is working in and his team work.

GitaTech provides software development to others companies

The model of this page was designed in Figma, you can find it [here](https://www.figma.com/file/nNTIPd7HwRNBoqBnlLO4Vl/UI-kit-RR-(BaSP)-B?node-id=1275%3A5438)


## Week 01
I made the HTML document of the Trackgenix's landing page to define the structure of it

## Week 02
In this week I made a sheet of style for the HTML of week 01. **This page isn´t responsive** i.e. this page doesn't have any flexbox property on it, is made for a laptop screen only

## Week 03
In the third week I made the website of Trackgenix totally responsive for smartphones, tablets and laptops. For this I used the layout model of CSS called *Flexbox*. You can see this page [here](https://franciscosantar.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-03/index.html)

## Week 04
In this week we had an introduction to the programming language "JavaScript". We learned about variables, conditionals, loops and functions. You can see the problems I solved clicking [here](https://franciscosantar.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html)

**Author**: SANTARELLI,Francisco

Commit message:

BaSP-W06: Finish the Login and Sign Up, add the Contact Bonus and README updated

README.md, after:

# Become a Software Professional

***THIS IS AN EDUCATION PROJECT***

This project is about *Trackgenix*

Trackgenix is an web application for the company GigaTech. This app speeds up the record of the hours worked for each employee of the company, the project that is working in and his team work.

GitaTech provides software development to others companies

The model of this page was designed in Figma, you can find it [here](https://www.figma.com/file/nNTIPd7HwRNBoqBnlLO4Vl/UI-kit-RR-(BaSP)-B?node-id=1275%3A5438)

![](semana-06/assets/landing.png)


## Week 01
I made the HTML document of the Trackgenix's landing page to define the structure of it

## Week 02
In this week I made a sheet of style for the HTML of week 01. **This page isn´t responsive** i.e. this page doesn't have any flexbox property on it, is made for a laptop screen only

## Week 03
In the third week I made the website of Trackgenix totally responsive for smartphones, tablets and laptops. For this I used the layout model of CSS called *Flexbox*. You can see this page [here](https://franciscosantar.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-03/index.html)

## Week 04
In this week we had an introduction to the programming language "JavaScript". We learned about variables, conditionals, loops and functions. You can see the problems I solved clicking [here](https://franciscosantar.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html)

## Week 06
The topic of this week is DOM (Document Object Model). I made the screen of Login and Sign Up, and the validations of the fields in this screens was made with DOM, also made the "Contact" fields validations of the landig page. You can see the progress of the week [here](https://franciscosantar.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-06/views/index.html)


**Author**: SANTARELLI,Francisco
